In earlier versions, we started with the perennial as the basic data source. This makes sense because our import fields in the database are matched to the perennial ones. We did that at the beginning of this. There are some additional ones, but the basic structure is the same. Then, in the second step, we added GBIF, and in the third step, iNaturalist. Theoretically, RHS Horticultural Society would be an additional source, as would be Wikimedia. The two latter ones have yielded few results or were unreliable. We can try this again if you like. We have tried out many other sources but settled on these. With every search, I was presented a list, scrollable but in its own window, with two check marks: either delete or keep, basically. You can also just use one check mark. It's the same—keep it or not. Because I can delete many entries right away that are nonsensical in each list. Then we merged all the lists and deduplicated them. Let me be clear: there is only one search parameter valid, and that's the correct botanical name. Not common names, not anything else. And the botanical name must be written scientifically correct—that is, use of italics, use of apostrophes for cultivars. Differentiating all cultivars is of utmost importance. This is about cultivars used in a garden setting. The basic search function uses genus, species, cultivar—either one of them. I might search just using genus, or genus and species, or species and cultivar if I look for a special plant. I think you should use three different input fields for this. The deduplication is based on the biological or biobotanical name only. Make sure you don't miss slight differences, capital letters, or spellings. The deduplicated list is again reviewed, and then it is enhanced. For this last, we integrate Perplexity with specific questions: What is the height of such and such? We've seen that Perplexity is excellent at answering these specific questions. Then the plant is validated, imported into the database. Then the image generation starts, and the plant card should be finished. 